---
layout: project
title:  "ChessCom"
date:   2018-04-18 10:34
author: Jack watson
categories:
- Low Level Programming
- ChessCom
img: chessCom.jpg
thumb: chessCom.jpg
carousel:
- ChessCom1.gif
- ChessCom2.gif
- ChessCom3.gif

tagged: Flat, UI, Development
---
#### ChessCom PostMortem
For my part in the project there were some difficulties with movement on an isometric map, at first I created a loop to act based
on piece type. While this worked sometimes movement was buggy and as I was using exact positions and altering when we added the
zoom feature was added it broke movement as the required distance for a move went up.

So we decided to utlilised the line of sight code to create a refined movement system. Coding the win conditions was simple so not
much there to mention.

#### Onto the actual game
ChessCom is a top-down, strategy, chess game. Players must choose 4 pieces out of a finite amount of piece score (Cant have 4 queens)
After which they must venture through the fog of war and eradicate the other player to win. Either take the king or take all the
pieces on the board.

Take a king at your own risk, the king allows more pricey units in exhange for an enemy one-shot victory, so keep this piece
well defended.

Here is the zip file for the project, just extract the zip and run the exe for server, followed by two clients inside Release(x86) in the builds folder [ChessCom][1]

Note: Currently the game only works once, after that trying to connect to the server crashes the game.

[1]:{{site.JackW8335.github.io}}/assets/downloads/ChessCom.zip 


